- Plankton Growth is too much
- Diffuse plankton
- plankton growth breaks the computer 
- reproduce but not dying? why? 
- safe zone apply to speakers so the plankton don't grow over the speakers. 
- Feed procedure working? or not working? 
- escaping a procedures 
- think back about the questions that we want to answer the questions
- do not need reproduce
- do not death 
- 
---Graphs---

-Plankton graph - with fish graph on same plot
-number of deaths of both fishes
-live number of fish alive
-


-- Speakers ---

Change some sizes....

recursive algorithm 

counter waves in combination of speakers -  look up 

Projection of sound on a tick sets the color of its neighbors to the same color of the speaker in a cone of radius forward from the original speaker 

ask patches with red loop set neighbors to find location of red with + - in y - in x to make 

slider to show fish better at turning around at intensity. 

patches own intensity of red that the fish get deterred based on intensity %% maybe. Density/intensity loss over distance or (change of acoustic properties?) - more speakers for more 

inc dissapation of speakers then we need more speakers, then we can how much we need to install? 

=========Go back and see if it is reasonable to think that things could change the acoustic properties of a river? 

^ making assumptions about these models and speakers for our river in this situation -!= investigating specific questions. 

* ignore deterrant based on food on side of speakers? if hungy could put up with the speaker based on a scale or a formula? -- if energy > current intensity then turn 

Min num speakers neeed to be installed
density
number of speakers needed?

if fish in radius change angle less than you want them to turn related to the intensity 

check fish in patches in front of it to depend on turn radius - look ahead based on intensity of the patch to determine if the intensity to turn at X



check yourself if there is a node above that is red? if no then affect. IF then statements sets

if 0,1 !=red then -1,1 set .......

for patch w/ intensity > 0 


dissapation rate----------------- slider call once per tick

or set self intensity to zero (to replicate some sound residue in a patch) 

-- rather than setting intensity 
need to take current state and decide what next state will be 
then call to update and check them again


ask patches with intensity to do this
0,0
if 0,1 !=red
then -1, 1 set intensity intensity * .9
if 0,-1 != red
then -1,-1 set intensity something 
set -1,0

set self intensity 0.5 or something 



set next intensity -  in game of life each cell has two traits living and live-neighbor, count live neighbers, ask patches to update condition - procedure based on live neighbors

ask all patches is neighbor to right have intenssity 
reverse logic for each cell to see if neighbors don't have 
each cell would need setting right up right and right down to check the intensity of the cells 

all one tick ()
ask patches get neighbor intensity - take the max of intensity of neighbors
ask patches set self intensity = * .9 neighbor intensity

partic swarm if give fish a velocity in X and Y direction, then we can change their velocity in X and Y direction - more like velocity in X and velocity in Y and acceleration. 
can declerate in X and accelerate in Y. 

can define direction angle 
set random then a range
